Headers
=======
The following headers are supported in version |version| of the message specification. Headers may be added to or removed from the specification over time. Backwards compatibility is achievable through the version header. The message processor uses the version header to determine whether a given message should be processed using older message specifications.

================= ============================================================================================================================================================================================================================================= ================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================
Header Name       Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Required?
================= ============================================================================================================================================================================================================================================= ================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================
``producertoken`` Unique token generated by the destination system used to identify and authorize a given OMF producer. Consult the Qi or PI Connector Relay documentation for further information.                                                             Yes.
``version``       Version of the PI System message specification. Used by the message processor to determine how to process the remaining headers and body.                                                                                                     No. Each target system will define a default messaging version. If a message omits the version header, it is assumed to comply with the target system's default message version. If the message contains headers belonging to an older specification, the version should be included to ensure that the message will be processed appropriately.
``messagetype``   One of: values, streams, or types. See :doc:`Message_Types`.                                                                                                                                                                                  Yes.
``messageformat`` Describes the data serialization format employed in the message body. Currently restricted to ``json``.                                                                                                                                       Yes.
``action``        One of: ``create``, ``update``, or ``delete``. Describes the action to be performed using the data in the message body.                                                                                                                       No. If not specified, ``create`` is assumed.
``compression``   The compression algorithm used to compress the message body. Currently restricted to ``gzip``.                                                                                                                                                No. If not specified, message body is assumed to be uncompressed.
``part``          If a message is too large for a given wire protocol or message queue, it may be broken into multiple parts. This header must be of the form x/y, where y is the total number of parts, and x is the individual sub-message's sequence number. No.
``msgid``         A unique identifier associating a sub-message with the other sub-messages required to assemble a complete message. Each sub-message must use the same ``msgid`` in order for the message to be properly re-assembled.                         Only when the ``part`` header is specified.
================= ============================================================================================================================================================================================================================================= ================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================
